good morning it's november 15
2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a it looks to be a clear
morning
but definitely a breeze out there
and it's about 61 degrees
fahrenheit right now 16
celsius
here's something to think about today
and really every day
know that by knowing which
all things are known
should be going up to 82 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon around
28 celsius
and it looks like
well uh these temperatures today are
very interesting
61 to start with and you reverse 6
1 and you get 16 celsius
82 high this afternoon
reverse eight two you get 28 celsius
interesting temperatures today
but it looks like all
all day we're going to be enjoying
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way
everyone have a great day